---
title: "210121"
date: 2021-01-21T19:12:37+08:00
draft: false
---

So we spoke over the phone. You said you needed time to heal.

I have so many things I want to tell you. So many things I want to say.

So I created this. I have no idea. You may find this one day, you may not.

But this will be a testament somewhere, to anyone who stumbles across this, that I will always love a girl.

It is a silly idea. That maybe, one day, you will miss me enough to start googling stupid stuff.

And you will remember this little secret that we have. A throwback to happier times.

And maybe you will read this.

And maybe you will be ok enough for us to even talk.

I know. Such a silly little pipedream.

But this is all I have. One small space on the Internet. Somewhere, someplace I can pretend I am talking to you. Even though you are not there.

I can feel myself slowly closing up already. Perhaps this is one way I can get used to a time, where you may come back to my life.

<br>
<br>
<br>

During the time that you have gone, I have been spending money indiscriminately. I think I have basically bankrupted myself.

It is as if I am trying to use money to fill up some void in myself. I have no idea. All I know is that nothing is working.

Whenever I check my phone, I see you online, something inside me just twists and hurts. It is an unbearable feeling of wanting to reach out.

But I know we are not supposed to talk. So I vent.

By spending all the stupid amounts of money I have. Go figure, why not? It is just an external factor that I don't really need.

There is something weirdly gratifying about spending everything in one shot. Maybe this is why people become monks?

And I doubt I have any use for all these stupid money anyway. Who is there to spend on.

I am spiralling. I know. And I think I am okay with that. I really don't want to have anything to hold on to.